Add Meeting Minutes for 11/5 TAC Meeting (#123)
PQCA/TAC: meeting-minutes/2025/2025-11-05-TAC.md

---

### **Project Updates**
#### **CBOMkit** *[Andreas]*:
Andreas reported on the CBOMkit project, thanking the TAC for officially approving CBOMkit as a project, and noting progress on transitioning to its [own organization](https://github.com/cbomkit) and setting up a Technical Steering Committee (TSC). Andreas noted that he will work with prospective TSC members to review the charter, obtain their agreement, and then send the finalized member list to Christina once confirmed.

The team discussed transitioning their existing WG Tooling call to a Technical Steering Committee (TSC) call, which will be held bi-weekly. They agreed to use the same time slot and keep it open to anyone, similar to other projects like OQS. Hart suggested renaming the calendar event and mentioned that setting up Discord channels could be useful for communication, especially for younger developers. 

#### **PQCP** *[Matthias provided before the meeting]*:

Aditya shared Matthias' updates (outlined below) on the PQCP project, including progress on growth plans and achievements in mlkem-native and mdesa-native sub-projects.

> - Growth Plan: Hart gave us an overview of how a growth plan should look like during the 2025-10-02 TSC meeting - thanks! All sub projects are now preparing their own growth plan - we are collecting it in [pq-code-package/tsc#188](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/188). The mlkem-native growth plan can be found [here](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/188#issuecomment-3490056493).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Growth Plan: Hart gave an overview to the PQCP team on how a growth plan should look like during the 2025-10-02 TSC meeting. All PQCP sub projects are now preparing their own growth plan - they are collecting it in [pq-code-package/tsc#188](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/188). The mlkem-native growth plan can be found [here](https://github.com/pq-code-package/tsc/issues/188#issuecomment-3490056493).
```

**Sub-project updates:**

**mlkem-native**

> - We finished an integration of mlkem-native into OpenTitan leverarging their Keccak (KMAC) hardware accelerator. It has been merged into zeroRISC's OpenTitan distribution: [crypto] mlkem-native integration zerorisc/expo#97. We are working on a blog post on this integration - can we post this on the PQCA blog?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finished an integration of mlkem-native into OpenTitan leverarging their Keccak (KMAC) hardware accelerator. It has been merged into zeroRISC's OpenTitan distribution: [crypto] mlkem-native integration zerorisc/expo#97. We are working on a blog post on this integration - can we post this on the PQCA blog?
```

> - We have merged the RISC-V vector backend: Add RISCV64 RVV backend pq-code-package/mlkem-native#1037

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merged the RISC-V vector backend: Add RISCV64 RVV backend pq-code-package/mlkem-native#1037
```

**mldsa-native**

> - We finished all initial performance work on the AArch64 and x86 backends (achieving comparable or better performance as state of the art)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finished all initial performance work on the AArch64 and x86 backends (achieving comparable or better performance as state of the art)
```

Most configuration options are added

> - We are working towards an v1.0.0-alpha relase: https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native/milestone/1 (Planning a release in 1-2 weeks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Working towards an v1.0.0-alpha relase: https://github.com/pq-code-package/mldsa-native/milestone/1 (Planning a release in 1-2 weeks)
```
